[singing voice] Aniplex.
[Kiritsugu] When I was little‐‐
Mm?
[Kiritsugu] I really wanted
to be a hero.
What are you talking about?
You don't want to anymore?
Did you just give up?
Yeah, unfortunately.
It seems those dreams expire
when you grow up.
It's hard to call yourself one.
Too bad.
I wish I'd realized that sooner.
I see.
Guess there's nothing
you can do.
Guess not.
Nothin' I can do.
Fine, since you can't,
I'm gonna be a hero for you.
‐ Hmm?
‐ You're an adult
so you can't do it anymore,
but I still can.
Leave it to me.
‐ I'll make it happen.
‐ [Kiritsugu laughs]
[gasps]
All right.
[exhales]
I can rest now.
[Mashiro Ayano's "Ideal White"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Mashiro singing in Japanese]
[Shirou] So what
was the urgent errand
she got from Mr. Kuzuki?
Don't know.
All she said was,
"I have to finish this errand
that Mr. Kuzuki asked me
"to do tonight or else!
"And so, Sakura,
I expect that you will try
and get along with Saber."
Then she ran out
and went home without giving me
any more details than that.
Aww, man.
She's the one who suggested
that you all stay over
and then she leaves.
It's okay, though.
Saber and I were able
to talk about a lot of things,
thanks to her.
Mm?
Yes, we have come
to an understanding.
[giggles]
Oh.
Come on, don't worry.
I'll be fine.
There will be a lot
of people around at school.
Besides, didn't you give
the place your safety seal
of approval yesterday?
Shirou, it was safe yesterday.
That does not mean it
is still safe.
If you're gonna be like that,
I'll never be able
to go anywhere.
Anyway, you need to conserve
as much mana as you can.
Just stay here
and get some rest.
[grunts]
[door slides open]
[Saber exhales sharply]
Very well.
If you say so, master.
However, if you encounter
something that threatens you,
use a command seal.
Okay.
See ya.
[birds chirping]
[stammering]
Hey.
What's wrong?
Do I have something weird
on my face?
[grunts]
[scoffs]
Hmm?
[indistinct chatter]
[yawns]
[Shirou] Issei, aren't you going
to eat lunch today?
[Issei groans]
I'll eat later.
I'm so sleepy I can't keep
my eyes open.
Did you stay up all night
or something?
[Issei] No.
I just haven't been sleeping
very well lately.
[knocking]
[Shirou] Hmm?
Hey, Issei,
somebody's here.
[Issei] I don't care.
Tell them the student
council room is closed.
It's Mr. Kuzuki!
[grunts]
Ryuudou, we need to speak.
[gasps]
Yes, sir.
[tense music]
[Issei] Wait.
You're saying that she hasn't
gone home,
either?
[gasps]
[Issei] Thank you, sir.
I understand.
[Souichirou] Sorry
for the interruption.
Be advised that school
will end earlier today.
[Issei] Yes, sir.
[Shirou] What was that
all about?
[Issei] Well...
[grunts]
[Shirou] Hey, what's going on?
Well, I guess it's all right.
You're not totally
an outsider regarding
this matter,
so you might want to know.
Rather late last night,
a family called
the faculty office saying
that their daughter
hadn't come home
from archery club practice.
Based on what they learned
from the other members,
they determined that
the last person
to be seen with
the missing student
was Shinji Matou.
Wait, Shinji?
But he wasn't even
at practice yesterday.
Apparently a first year
had forgotten something
at the dojo.
[Issei] When he came back
to get it,
he said he saw Shinji
and the missing student arguing.
They tried to confirm this
with Shinji himself,
but he was absent today,
and no one's been able
to reach him.
Issei, don't just keep me
in suspense here.
What's the name of the student
who went missing?
[exhales sharply]
‐ Ayako Mitsuzuri.
‐ [gasps]
[Issei] The captain
of the archery club.
[Shirou] Did you happen
to sense anything unusual
about Shinji's
behavior yesterday?
No.
I'm so sorry, Shirou.
Wish I could help
but I don't see him very often.
Yeah, that's right.
You really wouldn't
know anything about him.
I'm sorry.
I'm just barkin' up
the wrong tree.
No, that's not true at all!
I know my brother better
than anyone else
in the whole world.
Don't get upset.
It's nothing to worry about.
See ya.
[Girl] Attention all students.
This announcement
is to inform you
that all after school
club meetings
have been canceled today.
The library's also closed.
Students with no urgent business
on campus are
to leave school grounds
immediately.
I repeat...
Oh, well, um,
if you're looking for Ayako,
she stayed home sick today.
She did?
Thanks a lot.
If Mitsuzuri comes tomorrow,
don't tell her about this, okay?
Hmm.
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[grunts]
Oh, Tohsaka.
Unbelievable.
Have you lost your mind,
coming to school without
your servant?
I didn't have a choice.
Saber can't dematerialize
so I can't bring her.
Then you should skip school
and stay home.
A master outside without
his servant
is asking for trouble.
Might as well wear a sign
that says, "Please kill me."
Emiya, do you have any idea what
a big idiot you are?
Huh?
That's a little harsh.
Masters never fight where there
are people around, right?
So school should be
a perfectly safe place.
Oh?
Let me ask you this.
Do you see any other people
in here?
Huh?
[Shirou] Um...
It's finally sinking in,
I see.
This morning
I went past exasperated
and right into pissed.
[Rin] After all I told him,
why does he seem
to be doing everything he can
to get himself killed?
A magic crest!
Yes.
This is the embodiment
of the magic passed down
in my family.
There are spells etched
into this.
I can activate any
of them simply
by passing mana through it.
I've sent Archer away.
I don't need him.
The Gandr shots in here
are enough for the likes of you.
Gandr?
Isn't that just
a simple Nordic curse?
Yes, that's right.
A perfectly simple curse.
[gasps]
Wait, Tohsaka!
What is this?
Are you nuts?
We're in the middle of school!
We'll get noticed.
Someone'll come if we make
a scene.
Oh, I'll come up with something.
My policy is not to miss
the opportunities
in front of me.
[Rin] Sorry, Emiya,
but I'm going to deal
with you right here and now.
And besides,
I don't think my nerves
could handle it
if you were
to keep fumbling around
like you did today.
No, just wait a minute,
dammit!
The last thing I want
is to get in a fight with you!
It doesn't matter
if you don't want to fight!
I do!
Now say your prayers, Shirou!
[booming]
[grunting]
[grunts]
[gasps]
Those are Gandr shots?
They're different
from what I know.
Trying to kill me?
[Rin] I thought I made that
perfectly clear!
[grunts]
Hold it right there!
[grunting]
[grunts]
Would you stop that?
You're gonna hurt somebody!
If you don't like pain,
then stand still!
I'll do my best
to put you down quickly!
You'll die instantly if they hit
a vital spot!
[grunting]
That doesn't sound like
a mercy killing to me!
Shut up!
Why don't you quit
running around, then?
[Rin] I'm getting all worked up
because you won't stand still,
dammit!
[grunts]
[shouts and groans]
[both grunting]
Oh, crap!
[gasps, grunts]
[groaning]
[breathing heavily]
[grunts]
[speaking foreign language]
[gasping]
[grunts]
Dammit.
A bounded field.
[grunts]
[speaking foreign language]
Trace on!
[groans]
[gasps]
[glass shattering]
She's gotta be out of mana.
[gasps]
[grunts]
[distant booming]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[booming]
[giggles]
You finally came out, Emiya.
Welcome back.
[breathing heavily]
Oh, put down whatever
that silly weapon is.
You know you don't have a chance
of winning this.
Maybe.
We'll never know unless I try.
Really now?
This is a final warning to you.
Put your weapon on the ground.
Show your command seals.
At the very worst I'll strip
the nerves right out
of your hand,
but better to lose that
than your life.
No way.
I won't give them up.
To me,
that's no different
than telling me
I have to betray Saber.
I see.
I'll give you three seconds.
It's your life that's at stake,
so it's your decision.
[grunts]
That's three.
What'll it be, Emiya?
[distant screaming]
[both gasping]
[gasps]
Was that a scream?
I think so.
Yeah.
‐ [grunts]
‐ Wait a minute!
Emiya!
[breathing heavily]
It looks like
she's just unconscious.
[breathing deeply]
[gasps]
She's not just unconscious!
Can't you see she's
been drained dry?
[Shirou] What
are you talking about?
Her mana.
Her life force,
to be more precise about it.
She has hardly any blood left.
She'll die
if we don't do something.
She'll die?
Are you kidding me?
I should be able
to stabilize her
with the stones I have.
[gasps]
‐ [Girl coughing]
‐ [gasps]
[grunts]
Oh, crap!
[booming]
[Shirou] Look out!
[blow lands]
[sounts]
[gasps]
Huh?
W‐‐What is that?
[groaning]
Why did you protect me?
[gasps]
We gotta do something!
You're bleeding really badly!
D‐‐Doesn't that hurt?
[Shirou] Are you kidding?
Of course it hurts.
Tohsaka, take care of the girl.
[Rin] What?
[gasps]
[Shirou breathing heavily]
[blow lands]
[grunts]
Wha‐‐
It's a servant!
[gasps]
What the...
[grunts]
[groans]
What's the matter?
You aren't going to use
a command seal?
I'm surprised.
Sorry, I don't have many
of 'em left.
[Rider] I see.
Unlike my own master,
you have courage.
In that case,
I will take a different tack.
Young master,
I will endeavor
to kill you gently.
Huh?
[weapons clang]
[grunting]
[both grunting]
[blow lands]
[groaning]
[gasps]
Not very impressive.
Compared to the other servants
I've seen,
you don't pack any punch.
You're wrong,
and this is why.
You've been caught by me
and you have been since
the very beginning.
[shouting]
Now then,
what was that you were saying?
I'm not sure I actually
heard you correctly.
[Rider] What was it?
Something about me
being inferior
to the other servants?
No, that won't do.
[grunts]
[shouting]
[Rider] I'll pluck out
those badly‐mistaken eyes
and then move onto your limbs.
[groans]
[booming]
[gasps]
[groans]
[Rin panting]
Emiya!
Are you okay?
[groans]
[Rin] Okay, we have to stop
this bleeding.
I need a cloth.
Do you have anything I
can wrap it with?
[Shirou groans]
I, uh, have a handkerchief.
Sakura always puts one
in my pocket.
[gasps]
I don't have much, either.
Well, it's better than nothing.
If I use it with my towel,
the bleeding can at least
be stopped for a while.
[groans]
So then,
I assume that woman
was a servant?
Yeah.
She attacked out of nowhere.
[groans]
[Shirou gasps]
Don't look at me like that.
I couldn't find out who it was,
but this means
that there's another master
at school besides us.
That's right,
and he's finally made his move.
Okay.
That should hold
for a little while.
[Shirou] More importantly,
what happened with that girl?
She bounced back.
I think she's out
of the woods now.
‐ [Shirou] Good.
‐ [gasps]
[Shirou grunts]
That's great.
[grunts]
[gasps]
Hey, what's with you?
Don't you give me the stink eye!
Y‐‐You get this straight!
I'd never do something
like that servant!
Listen, I got all that, okay?
I know you'd never attack me
like her.
What I want to know is,
is our fight still on?
Still wanna do it?
[gasps, sighs]
Tohsaka?
Well?
What are you gonna do?
[Rin] I quit.
[grunts]
Let's just call it a day.
Besides, I'm in your debt again.
Come on.
Let's go.
Your wound should be treated
right away.
Please bear with it until
we get to my place.
What?
To your place?
[Shirou] Really?
[Rin] To put it simply,
in addition to the two of us,
there's another master
at school.
It looks like
he's picking off students
like that girl over
and over again.
But why do something like that?
[Rin] To win the Holy Grail War,
of course.
His plan is to sacrifice all
the students he can
in order to strengthen
his own servent.
Is that guy nuts?
Don't know,
but there's already
a bounded field extending around
the school.
Once it's activated,
everyone inside
will pretty quickly start
to grow weak and die.
[grunts]
‐ [Rin] Emiya?
‐ [grunts]
[Rin] This may sound strange
coming from me...
But I think we need a truce.
You want a truce between you
and me?
[Rin] I want some time
to find a way to deal
with this other master first.
So until then,
why don't we call a truce
and track him down together,
you and I?
What do you say?
I think it's a pretty fair deal.
Sure.
It'll be great to get help
from someone dependable.
Look, we've just agreed
to a temporary ceasefire.
That's all.
It's not like I'm gonna
spend time helping you,
but I do promise
to always have your back
as long as you never turn on me.
That's great.
You'll be on my side forever,
then.
‐ Tohsaka, let's do our best.
‐ [grunts]
[gasps]
Well...
It's only going
to be a short time,
but try to make yourself useful.
[Rin] I get it now.
The reason you're so limited
is that you aren't
a legitimate magical heir.
Before he could pass on
his magical crest to you,
your father passed away.
I'm not so sure.
He was always
dead set against me
even thinking about becoming
a mage.
Isn't that a bit contradictory?
Yeah, maybe.
You know,
I think the only reason
my dad taught me
was that I refused to give up.
[Shirou] In the end,
he only ever taught me
strengthening magic,
so that's all I can use.
Hey, hold on!
What's the matter with you?
Why would you even tell me that?
What do you mean?
‐ [Shirou gasps]
‐ Look, Mr. Newbie.
We might be partners for now,
but we're still enemies.
A mage must keep his arts
a closely‐held secret.
What's the point
of hiding all that now?
My old man always said
that magic isn't something
you should go out of your way
to hide.
[grunts]
You mean he seriously said that?
Yeah.
I think he was trying
to tell me not
to be tied down by rules.
He told me that
I could always quit
if I wanted to.
That's enough!
As far as I'm concerned,
your father was no mage!
I refuse to recognize you
as a mage,
if he's the one
that trained you!
Why are you getting mad?
I know perfectly well that
I can't call myself a mage,
but my old man
was the real deal.
[Rin] That's not what I mean,
and I think you know that!
I'm trying to say...
[groans]
Shirou, it's your lack
of training that I'm having
a problem with.
[Shirou] What can I do about it?
My old man died.
Yes, that is the inherent limit
of a single mage.
Mages never know
when they're going to die,
so they leave behind
a magic crest
for someone to inherit.
That's why I'm angry
at your father.
It's unforgivable to me
that he failed to take any steps
to prepare you for this.
[Rin] Magic is the fruit
of lifetimes of labor
handed down from parent
to child
for generation after generation.
The instant that a child
is born into a mage family,
that child becomes both heir
and successor
to a magical legacy.
That is what we were born for,
and that is what we die for.
It is the duty of a mage family
to take the human child
that they gave birth to
and over long years
of rigorous training turn it
into something else entirely.
That's why I said your father
was no mage before.
I think I understand now.
Your father decided that it
was better to be
a devoted parent than a mage.
[grunts]
[Kalafina's "Believe"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[chorus singing
in foreign language]
♪♪ ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]